# JavaFX_Tutorials
Java FX is a tool you can use on eclipse called e(fx)clipse. It allows you to set up a custom user interface. Java FX also goes along with Scene Builder, where in Scene Builder you can just click and drag things onto a scene like buttons and other controls to shape the program. In order to use Scene Builder, you would have to set a path to it in eclipse. To set up a user interface, you would either need to code everything in eclipse or use an XML file. You can use Scene Builder to edit an XML file. In Scene Builder, when you add things onto the scene the code for those things on the scene are automatically put into the XML file. The controls won’t do anything until you implement them by writing the code to make the controls work the way you want them to.
To start a Java FX application, you need to use a main java class that extends application that come with two methods start and stage. The start method is the main method that is automatically called when the application is launched. It starts on a stage which is a window with a border containing the close and window resize buttons. Then inside the stage you add the scene, the scene contains UI elements like text box, buttons, and labels.  
There were 3 application tutorials Hello world, Login, and Address app. From these tutorials, I learned that Java FX is a great way to design and implement applications. The Hello world one like every other hello world tutorial just did a simple print to console hello world but with slightly more interaction. A stage was made and in the scene was one button that when pushed printed hello world in the console.
The purpose of the login tutorial is to simulate someone putting in their username and password then getting some kind of response when the sign in button was pushed. It showed how you make a gridpane layout which is where you can create grids of rows and columns to layout controls. And then how to add text and text fields to it all within eclipse. Then how to add designs and background images to it using CSS styles. 
The Address app tutorial was about building a window that holds a person’s information and has features that let the user add new addresses, edit them, and delete them. When a user pushed new a new window would pop up that let you add in the text field all of a person’s information. When you click on someone who is in the list of addresses then the edit button, a window would pop up and you could be able to edit it. It can even handle errors and notify the user.  To make all of this it consisted of using Scene Builder and multiple packages and a combination of java classes and XML all to make one main stage with pop up windows. 
